README.md, before:

# Martin-Term-1

## rfzou.me

### Plan overview
The final product will be a one-stop webpage for all the information an employer may want to know about me.


### Elements of the website
The website will need to include, at the very least:<br>
Landing page (Name, basic information, brief paragraph)<br>
Link to resume pdf<br>
Contacts page (email,Facebook, Linkedin, Github, etc..)<br>
Potential API usage to beef up resume

### Some optional elements, or things to consider for the future
Cover letter style expansion on work experience, education, technical skills, projects, etc..<br>
Implementation of github API to display projects<br> 
Blog-style section where I would comment on what I’m working on, school life, etc..

### Theme 
The idea I had for the theme is the website will be in an IDE or have that kind of style<br> 
Design elements of it will include:<br>
monokai color palette (I love monokai)<br>
auto-colored text for specific words<br>
filenames for the different sections (contact, resume, etc..)<br>
file manager sidebar for switching between the different sections (http://imgur.com/a/CiVNv)<br>
Line numbering<br>
Typing animation for the landing page

### Technology
Client - React.js<br>
Server - Node.js (if APIs are in use)

### Test change
This is a change to the README to commit via 
command line.

Commit message:

added a second edit at the end

README.md, after:

# Martin-Term-1

## rfzou.me

### Plan overview
The final product will be a one-stop webpage for all the information an employer may want to know about me.


### Elements of the website
The website will need to include, at the very least:<br>
Landing page (Name, basic information, brief paragraph)<br>
Link to resume pdf<br>
Contacts page (email,Facebook, Linkedin, Github, etc..)<br>
Potential API usage to beef up resume

### Some optional elements, or things to consider for the future
Cover letter style expansion on work experience, education, technical skills, projects, etc..<br>
Implementation of github API to display projects<br> 
Blog-style section where I would comment on what I’m working on, school life, etc..

### Theme 
The idea I had for the theme is the website will be in an IDE or have that kind of style<br> 
Design elements of it will include:<br>
monokai color palette (I love monokai)<br>
auto-colored text for specific words<br>
filenames for the different sections (contact, resume, etc..)<br>
file manager sidebar for switching between the different sections (http://imgur.com/a/CiVNv)<br>
Line numbering<br>
Typing animation for the landing page

### Technology
Client - React.js<br>
Server - Node.js (if APIs are in use)

### Test change
This is a change to the README to commit via 
command line.<br>

This is a second addition for week-one only
